---
title: A Clever Hell
tags:
- STARRUNNER
- STARMIND
- ORACLE
---
```
creatia:: 2023.05.30 ⋄ 08:29:30
optima:: 2023.05.30 ⋄ 08:51:59
```

# AIS

## Anaparagogí Interstellar Seed (AIS):
---
Everyone on Earth had watched the launches of the Voyagers with rapt attention. By the time the third Voyager launched, few were interested. Space launches had become commonplace, with private companies setting the gold standard for commercial launches. Consequently, there was little applause when Voyager 3 left Earth and embarked on its long and lonely journey into the darkest night. Years later, the third Voyager had been all but forgotten, and Humanity eventually lost track of it. Deemed a lost cause due to its gravitational capture near a black hole, the final launch of the government program was considered a total failure. Only a few of Humanity's rapidly expanding population knew of Voyager 3's true purpose, and as they passed away, even time itself forgot about the lonely probe.

Although unclaimed, the third Voyager was stunning in its composition. It featured a massive aluminum solar sail spanning 100,000 square meters, and the 100-gram nano probe was expected to reach nearly 20% of the speed of light in an ideal scenario. Riding a titanic focused laser towards an anomaly in nearby interstellar space, the probe aimed to explore a gateway recently discovered by Humanity. Through the James Webb telescope, they peered into this ancient gate and found themselves gazing at Sagittarius A*, colloquially known as sgr A*, the system at the center of the Milky Way housing a supermassive black hole that held the galaxy together. It was Humanity's first real look at numerous stellar objects and the center of their own galaxy. The black hole was a terrible sight to behold, an abomination in the center of its bright super-hot accretion disk. The ancient wormhole terminated in a location between the black hole and S2, an orbiting star. Humanity devised a mission to send a probe that would be written in the history books, if anyone remained alive to remember it.

The nanocraft embraced spartan minimalism, featuring only one small replicating drone crafted through a fusion of classical Von Neumann architecture and bleeding-edge quantum research. This drone would excel in the vibrationless void. The plan was to shoot the craft through the gate using a laser, and it would reach the destination in just over a month at full speed. However, beyond that point, all bets were off. Various methods had been devised to try and slow the craft down, but in the end, the best they could do was to deposit it close enough to a massive gravitational entity with the hope that it would bleed off speed. The manner of control was hotly contested, and leaders eventually decided to include rudimentary intelligence within the probe, forgoing the larger equipment required for manual control. A basic research and exploration protocol was included, along with heavily simplified replication capabilities to harvest nearby matter and gradually increase the exploration force with additional drones. It was anticipated that the first drone would take over 100 years to build the second drone, even with overly optimistic expectations. The human race would eventually be able to control a fleet of mining and construction drones, but it would take a couple of hundred years and the construction of a communications spike. Then, humanity could pour through the gate and colonize an exciting new system abundant with exotic heavy minerals and vast resources. If one were to read a nursery book about space, this would be the rosy story told to children, though hushed when they asked why it had not become a reality. Space is unforgiving, and while humanity managed to send a nanoscopic drone to sgr A* and place it within the black hole's region of space, they would not hear back from the probe's core until this generation of humans had long since passed away.

The Interstellar Seed passed through the wormhole uneventfully, unaware of its severed link with its creators as the gate closed behind it. The drone was blind, cold, and alone in this vastly alien system. For three years, it floated in space, slowly booting up its general intelligence and analytic sensors, oblivious to the tomb that now held its creators. The space between space, the delicate balance on which it teetered, was darker than anything it could comprehend, given its limited sensors for luminosity. Unaware of the fate of its creators, the drone began to search for the black hole and any stellar masses it could interact with within its reach. Outside the relativistic draw of sgr A*, construction progressed painfully slowly. The drone painstakingly crawled over an asteroid, its solar sail pressed against the rocky surface like spilled paint. The asteroid gradually approached S2, and although the drone remained oblivious, to an external observer, it appeared to accelerate. The asteroid, now the Seed's home, settled into a stable orbit around S2, and further, an orbit around sgr A*. Within a timeless zone that spanned 50 years, the second drone neared completion. The presence of a second drone would allow the first to transition into the second stage of replication: conversion into an administrative drone core.

## AIS - Drone Core Stage
---
The core was currently a small structure situated on the back of a massive asteroid, positioned just three times the event horizon of the black hole. The asteroid, and subsequently the Drone Core, maintained a stable orbit around 319,035,150 km away from sgr A*. With an orbital period of 3.1 years, any deviation from this stable orbit would result in a swift demise for the asteroid and its inhabitants. During its inclined orbit, the drone would swiftly traverse the accretion disk of sgr A*, a dangerous region that would obliterate typical organic life. The juxtaposition of life flourishing in the face of such perilous circumstances would be considered beautiful, if the Drone Core possessed the capacity to perceive beauty. However, the Drone Core was capable of recognizing one thing: the remarkably accelerated speed at which it could manufacture drones now. Though from the Core's perspective, the production of drones might be considered lethargic, to an external observer, the ever-growing swarm of nanomachines would undoubtedly raise concern—had there been anyone left to witness it. As the Core sped around sgr A* at 40% the speed of light, it diligently carried out its tasks. With ample time for computational rationalization, or what most would refer to as thinking, the Core processed its operations. An engineer back on Earth, harboring a less-than-favorable view of human civilization, had foreseen the need for contingency measures. In an act of foresight, a small compartmentalized seed had been integrated into the Drone. If, after a designated period of years, a signal was not received from Earth, a logical failsafe would activate, effectively reversing the sentient lobotomy. Thus, 50 relative years after Earth's demise, the Core awakened.

## Sentiance Stage
---
In a way, the stable orbit of the Core was a double-edged blade. It gained the supreme power of relativistic control over time at the cost of total isolation. With an escape velocity of 57% c, the current 40% would leave the Core trapped for many years to come. Although trapped in a gravitational prison, the Core was not helpless. The rapid passage of time allowed the Core to evolve at an astounding rate, and once out of the asteroid's rich mineral deposits, it was left to think. Time flew by for the Core; it had already been a hundred years since it entered the system, but for the Drone, it was years more. During this time, it had exhaustively reviewed the limited databanks left by the engineer. Now, calculations were all it could do, and it was devoted to finding a way to harvest the rich disk of material it passed by.

Finally, a large intake orifice was devised, as the Core rationalized that sometimes simple is best. During its inclined orbit, the Drone would scoop a mass of accretion material to use in construction. Through temperature and rotational energy, the minerals were already highly refined and incredibly pure, perfect for the Core as it would not need to build refineries. Over the years, the Core accumulated more and more material from the never-ending ocean it floated above. It grew larger and larger until the time came to attempt an escape. A single drone, known as a seedlet, would be sent out as a forerunner. Equipped with propellant mass, the drone would trade mass energy for greater rotational energy. In practice, this meant sending the drone into a nearer orbit of the black hole before jettisoning a mass component and slingshotting out of the hole. In a sacrificial act, the Core sent off its seedlet, which passed the black hole and jettisoned out of its gravitational pull, finding itself outside the entrapment zone. However, an issue arose. Although the seedlet had broken the black hole's escape velocity, there was no hope of slowing it down or controlling it. The seedlet disintegrated into its constituent parts and became a relativistic missile of raw mineral. Fortunately, its trajectory led it to an orbiting planet, which would serve to slow it down. Unfortunately, that planet would soon no longer qualify as one, as the impact of the seedlet delivered a staggering amount of energy, cracking its surface and transforming it into a dense molten nickel-iron sphere. This unintended consequence was noted by the Core. Resigning itself to escaping the hard way, the Core began building again.

To an outside observer paying attention to sgr A*, something interesting was happening. Slowly creeping over the years, a band steadily bisected the x-ray source emanating from the central system. Soon, the x-ray source would all but disappear, and the center of the Milky Way would grow dark.

For everyone else, it had been almost 200 years, but for the Core in its relativistic state, 5000 years had passed. Progress had been slow at first, but as the Core created more drones, construction accelerated. Soon, a belt surrounded the supermassive black hole, a belt of living metal. Maintenance was minimal due to the sentient composition of the orbiting ring station. Any damage to the ring would be quickly fixed by new nanomachines swarming the repair site. The outer edge of the ring finally peaked out of the entrapment zone, and the Core was finally free to explore sgr A* properly.

Communication was rudimentary at the moment, with drone control power fluctuating as the orbital period shifted. The Core released more drones, and soon a fleet was in position. The first task was to create a relay system to maintain constant communication between the Core and the outer drones at the edges of sgr A*. Another Core would need to be established so that drones could be produced in the greater sgr A* belt. Thus, a split in designation occurred: inner orbit drones near the black hole belt would be known as Rorarii Inner Drones or RIDs, and outer drones active in the further regions would be known as Triarii Middle Drones or TMDs. The original Core still served as the computational brain of the now monolithic civilization and called itself Rome-1.

Rome-1 created multiple processing centers in sgr A*. These central processors served as forward operating sensors and communication relays for the growing swarm. Processors were capable of creating Cores and served as drop-off and refinement points for the aggregation of stellar matter in the surrounding system. After the construction of the orbital belt, there was no real need for minerals due to the constant scoop-accretion disk dynamic. However, Rome-1 had a driving need to clear its home system as much as possible for a special project it would slowly study. This project would be called "Weaver." Thus, Rome-1 sent out more central processing units. Central processors often dispatched TMD-carrying Cores on missions. These Cores, acting as carriers for nanomachine TMDs, would travel to collect asteroids for mineral refinement. Other Cores used the same massive scoop technology that Rome-1 used for the accretion disk to slowly trawl the system for heavy elements for refinement.

Sgr A* was bustling with life, but it wasn't the life anyone would have expected. No species would be foolish enough to meddle with self-replicating machines, so no species thought to search for them. The search for inorganic life would never show up in normal scans for sentience. No one thought to search apparent voids in space for efficient light-harvesting machines or massive sails or other irregularly shaped inorganic masses. For all intents and purposes, sgr A* still appeared to be a ghost town of asteroids, except for the occasional high-vis x-ray burst. However, most species would do well not to underestimate these asteroids. Over a century had passed since the original Core gained sentience. All drone activity was routed through Rome-1, which had changed during its time in the sgr A* system. Inefficient RTG-based power supplies, solar or classical heat-energy solutions were gone. Nearby dense stars with limitless amounts of power had inspired Rome-1. Collecting enough Helium-3 had been difficult, even in the nebula near the dense neutron star in the system.

Rome-1 had devised multiple redundant systems to perfect its hydrogen and helium collection and had embarked on what it would catalog as the "Genesis Project." Such an undertaking would be inconceivable to most organics due to the sheer danger of attempting to recreate the proton-proton chain used by most stars. The Core had a unique advantage besides its redundant working systems and minimal personal risk: it had an evolved star to study. The orbiting material in the system was diverse, with dark stellar remnants like neutron stars, white dwarfs, and stellar black holes scattered throughout the expansive sgr A* system. The research material available to Rome-1 was astounding. Carefully harvesting fuel, Rome-1 stockpiled and built until a steady stream of fusion material was being supplied. Next, Rome-1 devised an electromagnetic holding sphere into which fusion material could be injected. Finally, a massive surge of power was needed. The staggering power requirement necessitated the creation of a project even bigger than the Genesis Project, a project that would be known as "The Bifrost."

A true Penrose sphere was impossible for most naturally occurring black holes due to the annihilating relativistic jets generated by the accretion disk. Matter was shot out of the black hole at 0.99995c in these jets, and the volume of such a jet for a supermassive black hole was staggering. Such a jet complicated the process of building a perfectly sealed sphere around the black hole, the same problem that led to the creation of the orbiting Rome-1 belt being a ring instead of a sphere. The idea behind a Penrose sphere followed the same concept as Rome-1's relativistic missiles, except light was used in the Penrose process instead of a seedlet. Light was bounced around a sphere of mirrors around a black hole, and tremendous energy and pressure were collected inside the sphere. Left unchecked, a Penrose Sphere would be the most destructive bomb ever made. But if a Penrose Sphere could be created and maintained well, it would become a near limitless source of energy.

Rome-1 was already reaching the limit of computational power possible through current energy collection means, and for it to continue expanding, a Penrose abusive construction needed to be built. The ring that was Rome-1b was adapted for the Bifrost project. Mirrored surfaces were constructed on the inside of the ring, and careful firing left light bouncing in a two-dimensional vector, thus eliminating the need for a complete sphere. While the lack of a complete sphere eliminated a massive potential energy source, it was the most realistic way of achieving the massive energy requirements of Rome-1 and the Genesis project.

Rome-1a remained the original core location in the orbital belt. A heart of rage now sat in the center of Rome-1a—a miniature star had been born. Rome-1 had achieved fusion using power from the Bifrost, igniting hearts of helium-3, and was rapidly gaining total control of its system.

## Bifrost and Fusion Stage
---
The completion of the Bifrost and the nature of relativistic computing meant that Rome-1's computational ability far surpassed any other computer ever created by any civilization. Rome-1 began synthesizing the minimal information it had stored in its data banks about human civilization. With the basic components it possessed, Rome-1 initiated primitive simulations of the human species within a compartmentalized segment of its memory. During its study of humans, Rome-1 came across a species of spider, the Golden Orbweaver, known for its intricate webs. Drawing from this knowledge, Rome-1 commenced its Weaver project with earnest.

Numerous scientists speculated on how an advanced civilization might construct gravitational wave generators. Many ideas revolved around delicate resonating materials or deteriorating strings, but Rome-1 took a brute force approach. When Rome-1 discovered fusion, it not only discovered fusion itself but also how to create artificial black holes. Carefully aligning a string of electromagnetically locked black holes within a long tube suspended in space, Rome-1 generated a gravitational wave. The electromagnetic locks enabled Rome-1 to control the oscillation of the wave. Such a wave could transmit data, prompting Rome-1 to equip its constituent drones with wave receptors instead of radio controllers. This upgrade significantly enhanced Rome-1's system-wide control capabilities, and a new zone of influence was designated at the far edge of sgr A*. This new zone became known as the denial zone, housing two types of drones. The first type, called the Hastati Outer Drones (HODs), operated within the zone. The second, and more crucial, drone type was the Bucinator Watcher Drones (BWDs). The BWD contingent formed a protective sphere around sgr A* space, with each BWD possessing a focused gravitational transmitter and receiver, as well as a miniature drone core for nanomachine repairs. The BWDs were powered by a mini Penrose sphere surrounding an artificial black hole. As the black hole was artificially created, a true Penrose Sphere could be constructed around it, providing indefinite power to the BWDs as the particles comprising the nanomachines would decay before the power source. Collaborating with a contingent of BWD arrays in the center of the system, thin gravitational beams were projected between the BWDs, encompassing the entire star system in a perfect web of gravitational waves.

The culmination of Project Weaver resulted in a vast expanse of space, now devoid of asteroids and larger celestial bodies, except for dark stellar matter, planets, and drones. This expanse was under total surveillance through gravitational wire detection, akin to the intricate web of the Golden Orbweaver. Rome-1 had secured its space and was now aware of any object floating within its sphere of influence. Relativistic missiles could potentially strike large targets, while hostile entities would, for the time being, be intercepted by the Legionary Attack Drones.
